Associated with
each lecture are some micro
tasks on a little tool called
zoxiy which I'd like you to do
as you go through the lecture,
ideally with a friend or
discussion partner. Perhaps
several discussion partners.
The key to these lectures, I
think, is that you should be.
Watching them with a friend or
some friends, I nearly said
enjoying there. Of course,
you're not enjoying them, but
you should be engaging with
these lectures in a group of
people that you can chat with
often about philosophical
topics and ask questions.
Discuss amongst yourselves.
Prepare yourself for the live
meetings that we have require.
You can ask questions.
No, but of course to facilitate
those discussions and also to
get people thinking. I've
created some micro tasks, just
very many questions that should
involve a certain amount of
thinking, but very little
writing, if any. Sometimes
they're just multiple choice
choice questions. The thought
here is that your seminar tutor
is able via looking at these
answers that you give to have a
sense of where you are and it
also helps you to do a bit of
thinking along the way. I hope I
hope I hope it does. So how does
that all work? Well, if you've
been following along the
lectures in order and there's no
reason why you need to have done
that, you can actually see that
there's microtask associated
with the first part of the
electron points of view, so you
may already have done this.
If you have, that's great. Yeah,
you don't need to watch this.
You're already there, and if you
haven't done it, maybe just
gonna have a look. In any case,
the microtasks are all on this
fabulous website called zoxiy
XY said. Very proud of that use
of zed X&YI thought that was
very, you know, 2015 or
something like that whenever it
was created. Just go and enjoy
his oxy. However, I thought just
in case I will also in what
follows give you a little guide
step by step on how to use it.
Like I did for yyrama.
And as I've said before, I
personally don't like watching
that kind of video. I really
encourage you not to watch the
video. Go away and do something
more interesting. However, if it
helps you, that's great.
So here I am on
the page for lecture one and you
know that the first section is
called points of view and I'm
very good student. I've just
been looking at that point of
view lecture and now I'm
thinking what else do I need to
do. And here's the answer to
that question underneath the
lecture is a link that says do
one micro task for this unit. So
what I need to do is just go
over and follow that link and
sure enough, that links going to
open in an application called
zoxiy. Now, because I'm a new
student, I can't log in here.
I've gotta register an account
in order to do that, so let's
just go right ahead and Register
the account there. However you
do this is fine, but I'd like
you please to use your
University email address here
and your real name here. That's
not because ox is ever going to
email you. It doesn't have the
capacity. It doesn't care about
emails. It's because your
seminar tutor wants to be able
to associate the work that you
do with your. With you so
seminars, you can keep track of
of your work. So create the
account, login and then I'll
just take you through answering
the first question. So here I am
on the doc see website I've just
signed in as a student and if
things have gone well, you've
been taken directly to the page
associated with points of view.
That section of the lecture. If
not, do go back to the lecture
page and click on the link
again. Once you signed in it
should take you directly there
and here you can see I've just
got one question to answer, so
I'm going to go right ahead and
click on that link there.
I wanna do that. It takes me to
a nice question that serve
multiple choice question not to
be scoring because the idea is
it's going to make you think I
hope. And especially at
the beginning questions are not
supposed to be particularly
difficult there, not supposed to
take a lot of time. Just a way
for you to check what you've
understood and also importantly
for your seminar to tutor to
check what you've understood. So
here I'm going to pop in the
answer, so let's see a
perspective as a point of view
is a perspective or point of
view. Yes, I think I said that.
Having a perspective is just a
matter of occupying a viewpoint.
That's actually what I was
arguing against. If you got deep
philosophical reasons for
disagreeing with me, you may
click true there. Of course,
your POV might include things
which do not exist. Yes, that's
things that forces written books
about like Mark. Sainsbury's
written two books about that
actually points if you will come
on to that later. Fascinating
philosopher points of view can
differ even if their points of
view on exactly the same thing.
Also true. So now I'm just going
to submit that and what I should
see. This is great.
That's exactly what I wanted to
see. Is told me that my answer
is correct, so this has been
automatically marked. After all,
it's a multiple choice question,
so I suppose that's often
possible, and I've even been
told well done. Well done. Be
very good if I want to just
check how I'm doing here.
I can go and click this link
here to go back to the page for
the entire course, so let me
just do that. Here we go.
And that page takes a little
bit longer to load, but what
you'll see here is a list of
lectures and the tasks that
I've done. And importantly,
I've got a tick here and no
more else to do here. As the
course goes on, there will be
more lectures that you see
here with more tasks to do.
Don't worry bout the ones
lectures from future weeks
that aren't even on the mind
and language page yet.
Find in reality page yet you
don't need to do these until the
time that you review those
lectures, so that's oxy. I hope
you have a lot of fun with it so
that my students have been using
Doxey quite a bit, so I think
that's well over half a million.
We're heading up to 1,000,000
micro tasks which have been
submitted via zoxiy over. I
think almost 10 years now. And
generally speaking, students get
on really well with it. One very
important tip though, is don't
forget your password. Your
password is stored by his oxy in
an encrypted fashion. And
there's no way for me or anyone
else to recover it. So if you do
forget your password, you're
just going to have to create a
new account and start again.
Sorry about that. Thank
you very much. I hope that this
has been useful. Let's get back
to thinking about philosophy.